README.md, before:

# TSO Translation Project

[![License: CC0-1.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC0%201.0-lightgrey.svg)](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) [![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-v2.0%20adopted-ff69b4.svg)](code_of_conduct.md)

Welcome to the TSO Translation Project maintained by [SimTactics](https://github.com/simtactics) team and Sims Online community. To contribute, make sure you have The Sims Online installed, then download [Github Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/), [CLI](https://cli.github.com/) or an editor, such as [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/), that supports Git, finally fork this repository.

You can find the files to translate in **Maxis\The Sims Online\TSOClient\gamedata\uitext\english.dir**. Make sure to look and see at the languages already provided by this project before starting your own.
## Special Characters

For languages with special characters such as æ, ø, å, or ä **please make sure to save all your files as UTF-8, not ANSI,** or they will break the client!

## Disclaimer

- This project is not affiliated with or endorsed by Electronic Arts or Maxis.
- Compatibility with FreeSO is not guaranteed due to it's rapidly evolving state.

Commit message:

Added technical details section in README

README.md, after:

# TSO Translation Project

[![License: CC0-1.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC0%201.0-lightgrey.svg)](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) [![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-v2.0%20adopted-ff69b4.svg)](code_of_conduct.md)

Welcome to the TSO Translation Project maintained by [SimTactics](https://github.com/simtactics) team and Sims Online community. To contribute, make sure you have The Sims Online installed, then download [Github Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/), [CLI](https://cli.github.com/) or an editor, such as [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/), that supports Git, finally fork this repository.

You can find the files to translate in **Maxis\The Sims Online\TSOClient\gamedata\uitext\english.dir**. Make sure to look and see at the languages already provided by this project before starting your own.
## Special Characters

For languages with special characters such as æ, ø, å, or ä **please make sure to save all your files as UTF-8, not ANSI,** or they will break the client!

## Technical details

For technical details and future of the CST format, see Quick Fennec Software's [CST parser](https://github.com/quickfennec/QuickFennec.CST). The project is separate from SimTactics because the CST format is fairly general purpose in it's design, despite originating from The Sims Online.
## Disclaimer

- This project is not affiliated with or endorsed by Electronic Arts or Maxis.
- Compatibility with FreeSO is not guaranteed due to it's rapidly evolving state.
